capital = 6

set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.65

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }

  else = {
    set_technology = {
      gwtank = 1
      basic_light_tank = 1
    }
  }
}

add_ideas = {
	military_junta
	BEL_Between_the_Giants
	BEL_Spirit_of_Lion_and_Rooster
	BEL_Anti_Socialist_Laws
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 8
  utopian_socialist = 1
  revolutionary_socialist = 10
  social_democrat = 23
  liberal = 10
  social_conservative = 28
  authoritarian_democrat = 0
  paternal_autocrat = 12
  ultranationalist = 8
  esoteric_nationalist = 0
}


recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Hoornaert

recruit_character = BEL_Albert_van_Belgie
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Emile_Janson
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Henri_Spaak
recruit_character = BEL_Leonie_La_Fontaine
recruit_character = BEL_Leon_Degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_Joseph_Jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_Julien_Lahaut
recruit_character = BEL_Hendrik_de_Man
recruit_character = BEL_Joris_van_Severen
recruit_character = BEL_Staf_de_Clercq
recruit_character = BEL_MCL_Keyaerts
recruit_character = BEL_Victor_Van_Strydonck_de_Burkel
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Baptiste_Piron
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Timmermans
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_van_Zeeland
recruit_character = BEL_Prince_Karel
recruit_character = BEL_Leopold_van_Belgie
recruit_character = BEL_War_van_Overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_Lucie_Dejardin
recruit_character = BEL_Achille_Van_Acker
recruit_character = BEL_Victor_de_Laveleye
recruit_character = BEL_Frans_Van_Cauwelaert
recruit_character = BEL_Hubert_Pierlot
recruit_character = BEL_Dr_August_Borms
recruit_character = BEL_Edgar_Lalmand
recruit_character = BEL_Louis_Paul_Boon
recruit_character = BEL_Camille_Huysmans
recruit_character = BEL_Jules_Pire
recruit_character = BEL_Eugene_Soudan
recruit_character = BEL_Roger_Motz
recruit_character = BEL_Gaston_Eyskens
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_d_Aspremont_Lynden
recruit_character = BEL_Ward_Hermans
recruit_character = BEL_Jef_Francois
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Marteaux
recruit_character = BEL_Abraham_Leon
recruit_character = BEL_Adhemar_Henneaut
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Wauters
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_Pomaret
recruit_character = BEL_Jules_Merlot
recruit_character = BEL_Alexandre_Galopin
recruit_character = BEL_Franz_de_Voghel
recruit_character = BEL_Maurice_Lippens
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Theunis
recruit_character = BEL_Gustaaf_Sap
recruit_character = BEL_Hendrik_Heyman
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Duvieusart
recruit_character = BEL_Rene_Lambrichts
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Terfve
recruit_character = BEL_Willem_Eekelers
recruit_character = BEL_Felix_Van_den_Bergh
recruit_character = BEL_Adolphe_Van_Glabbeke
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Deveze
recruit_character = BEL_Victor_Maistriau
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Janssen
recruit_character = BEL_August_De_Schryver
recruit_character = BEL_Francois_Bovesse
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Rey
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Thone
recruit_character = BEL_Emiel_Thiers
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Ouwerx
recruit_character = BEL_Adolphe_Cumont
recruit_character = BEL_Auguste_Baesens
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Deffontaine
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Vereecken
recruit_character = BEL_Gustave_Fromont
recruit_character = BEL_Olivier_Derousseaux
recruit_character = BEL_Oscar_Michiels
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_Bastin
recruit_character = BEL_Edouard_Van_Den_Bergen
recruit_character = BEL_Lambert_Chardome
recruit_character = BEL_Raoul_van_Overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_Rene_Lagrou
recruit_character = BEL_Yvan_Gerard
recruit_character = BEL_Etienne_Glorie
recruit_character = BEL_Fritz_Conrad
recruit_character = BEL_Henri_Decarpentrie
recruit_character = BEL_Edouard_Blondeel
recruit_character = BEL_Felix_Iserentant
recruit_character = BEL_Fritz_Lob
recruit_character = BEL_LFE_Wouters
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Nothomb
recruit_character = BEL_Rene_Legros
